Segment Six: Monster Hunter Generations (3DS)


Out July 15th.


Focus this time is on customisation. New Hunting Styles, and Hunter Arts.


New trailer shows of 'deviant' monsters, who have survived generations. Obscenely powerful, of course.

Streaming the Monster Hunter Generations demo. Can play as a Felyne! My dream has finally come true.


Producer chooses the hammer, and the 'Aerial Style'.


Four-player action. Another player is using 'herb style', which is a healer role.


Confusion status can occur, which reverses your controls. Mean.


'Prowler Style' lets you burrow underground and pop up for the ambush. They also have unlimited stamina, and are immune to hot and cold environments.


One of the devs wants to talk about how awesome the new Zelda is, but is told to keep the discussion on Monster Hunter. Hilarious.


Monster Hunter Generations demo will be available June 30th. Select gamers will be emailed two codes shortly *crosses fingers*


Save data transfer bonus! Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate users will unlocked the Baby Tigrex Felyne Armour, amongst other goodies.


Speaking of, Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate is on sale on the eShop right now!

Segment Seven: Dragon Quest VII: Fragments of the Forgotten Past (3DS)


Time for the videogame that will cause an outbreak of vitamin-D deficiency.


Originally released for Playstation in 2001, Dragon Quest VII is an absolutely huge adventure tha has you reviving the world by visiting the past.


The core members of the Dragon Quest development crew hasn't changed in 30 years. Wow.


Producer says that this is a series for everyone of all ages, from children to the elderly. Though the story changes for every iteration, this is the core foundation that never changes.


DQVII has a “bite sized” storyline that is episodic, and is very easy to play for an hour, hence Square-Enix's decision to port it to 3DS.


There's a new function that lets you look at where you were in the adventure, if you've forgotten after leaving for a while.


Talking about the vocation system, which is basically like Final Fantasy's jobs. You can change vocations whilst retaining abilities from previous ones.


The hero is a “humble kid” who is meant to be relatable. “We're thinking he's around 17 years old”. They actually said this!


They also think that this very game created the word 'tsundere' in the Japanese lexicon, thanks to its characters. Japanophiles are gaping as I write this, whilst everyone else is scratching their heads in confusion.


New feature; traveller's tablets. Kind of like tag-mode in Dragon Quest IX, these let you revisit old areas and take on remixed challenges. If you collect three monster tablets, you can create a new monster world. So, if you combine three metal monster tablets, you will end up with a metallic world. There are 457 new monsters!


Pivotal question; what does a slime taste like? “If you take the essence of slime, and put it on your skin, you'll get a great complexion.” Uhhh, okay?

There are 20 human type jobs, and 34 monster type jobs.


They actually weren't going to release this in the west originally, due to the enormous amount of text. However, there were a huge amount of fans in France (!?) that bombarded SE for localisation requests, so they decided to do it. Thanks, France!


Tablets were hard to find originally, so they included a sensor that makes it easier.


Refined graphics and added new animations, as well as making levelling-up faster.


Dragon Quest VII: Fragments of a Forgotten Past will be out on September 17th.



Segment Eight: Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE (Wii U)


The '#' is pronounced as 'sharp', by the way.


Led by Itsuki, a bunch of Tokyo teens team up with Fire Emblem characters. Developed by Atlus, this is a combination of the latter with Shin Megami Tensei.


Dungeons are called 'idolospheres'.


Chrom and Tharja show up, along with Bord and Cord. Looking cool.


Battle time. Even the Treehouse crew says it's “very complex”. Ulp.


So, your party member are entertainers, and fights take place on stages. Right.

Emphasis on the deep systems. I don't understand any of this... looks gorgeous, though.


Home base is Fortuna Office, where you can chat with Fire Emblem characters and upgrade your party.


And now we have a totes kawaii musical number... Hrm. Not for me personally, but hey, it sure is purdy.


Time to look at some weapon creation. Weapons are called 'carnage' (obviously), and are made from items gathered during missions. Apparently special partners actually turn in to the weapons.


Class changes are in, just like FE.


Okay, so there are enemies in dungeons called mirages. They can be slashed in the field in order to either run from them, or initiate a first strike for battles.


You can grind levels in a special arena, which is a nice inclusion.


Boss time! Tarachino (a play on Taratino?) is an evil TV producer.


Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE will be out July 25th.



Segment Nine: Paper Mario: Colour Splash (Wii U)


Mario journeys to Prism Island in order to solve the mystery of the folded Toad. Le Gasp!


Mario teams with a paint can named Huey, before finding Toad literally getting the colour sucked out of him by a Shy-Guy. Jesus.

Tabata from Nintendo joins the stream, and she's the assistant producer for the game.


Prism Island has lost its Paint Star, and Mario needs to recolour the island. There are special spots that can be whacked by the hammer, which splashes with paint.


The game was born from a manager at Intelligent Systems, who mentioned that his kids loved to paint. They decided that this would form the foundation of the new Paper Mario.


Cards must be collected, which lets you attack in battle.


The first Paper Mario game where the environment is completely made of cardboard and paper. More lifelike than ever before.


Hitting things in the environment fills your paint gauge back up. Mario has red, blue and yellow paint metres, which are used-up depending on the colour he uses (which is automatic, depending on the scenery).


Battle cards can be painted with the GamePad in order to make them more powerful. This adds a strategic layer to fighting.


Tanabe from Intelligent Systems came up with the card idea.


Attacking enemies drains them of colour. Nice visual touch.


Additionally, there are enemy cards. They can be summoned in battle, and will fight by your side.


Mario enters Ocean Fest, where he needs to find five Toads in order to open a gate. The Five Fun Guys. Geddit?


New ability. The whole screen moves to the GamePad, and special scissors are used to cut scenery. Hidden Luigis can be found throughout the world.

Now, we get a look at the Crimson Tower.


The cut-out power can also be used to erase certain backgrounds, and lets me walk along an extra-dimensional plane.


Morton Koopa is here, and he wants to smash some 2D skull. Funnily, if Mario tries to use an enemy card during this fight, they'll simply run away in terror.


Mario's actions depend on the card line-up, so players must be careful.


Morton uses a flaming mallet, which cause the whole battle to engulf in smoke. Mario then uses a fire extinguisher card, which plays a neat animation, much like Sticker Star, but better.


Another video is shown of what's to come. Sooooo niiiiice...


Paper Mario: Colour Splash is out October 8th.



Segment Ten: Rhythm Heaven Megamix (3DS)


Perhaps the craziest game they've shown so far, and that says a lot.


Collection of rhythm minigames, with funky, funky music. Much like WarioWare, but based on aural gameplay.


The story; Tivvy is trying to get back to Rhythm World, and you're an astronaut that is trying to translate his 'words'. Really funny stuff happening in the demo.


Anyone who's played previous games will just know how toe-tappingly awesome this'll be. Rhythm Heaven Megamix is actually a combination of games from all previous titles.

Rhythm Heaven Megamix is available on the eShop... RIGHT NOW!!! Go and get it!!! There's even a demo to try!


Feeding turnips to a goat. Via a pachinko machine. Game of the Year.


That is a wrap for Nintendo's 2016 E3 show. Thanks so much for joining me on this huge event, and we'll do this again in 2017!