Nintendo Treehouse Day Two


Welcome all, to the second day of coverage of Nintendo's E3 2016 Treehouse stream. After the epic Elf vs. Wild action of yesterday, let's take a look at the rest of the best on Nintendo's show.


Segment One: Pokemon GO (Mobile)


Welcome to Day Two of Nintendo's Treehouse E3 stream, and we're starting with Pokemon GO.


A ton of guys are sitting on the roundtable.


In case you're unaware, Pokemon GO is a mobile game from Niantic, Pokemon Company and Nintendo. Basically, it lets you find and battle Pokemon in the real world, using GPS.


Project started in 2013, and was actually born from an April Fools joke with Google.


Field testing has been done in Australia, New Zealand, Japan and the United States with tens of thousands of players. Interesting stat; 30 Pokeballs have been thrown a second.


Key phrase; 'real world gaming'. Niantic pioneered this with the game Ingress.


One of the developer's dogs is named 'Pokey, and has been helping his with Pokemon field testing. Cute! He caught some Pokemon at the E3 convention centre, even during yesterday's Sun & Moon segment.


JWittz is here, and talks about his own experiences playing the game. Asks if there will be more than Kanto Pokemon. Yes, there will be, but since this is the 20th anniversary, the developers thought that the classic Pokemon are appropriate to start with.


Grass Pokemon can only be found in grassy areas, water near water, etc. Makes players explore the real world. Sweet!


Showing off AR mode. Abra appears on stage! Now a Paras!!! MY HEART. You can control the spin and velocity of the Pokeball, as a Rattata jumps on the desk. Really impressive stuff.

In-game music is energetic to encourage players to walk faster and get the heart pumping.


Pokemon GO Plus. A little monitor that changes colour , and lets you play the game without actually looking at your phone. Frees the player to enjoy teir walks without looking at the screen.


Niantic motto; 'Adventures on Foot'.


When a Pokemon is nearby, it will flash green and vibrate. Press the button to throw a Pokeball, and it will decide if it is caught. If successful, it will flash rainbow. If it fails, it will flash red. Clever stuff.


The pivotal question; when will Pokemon GO be released? The end of July! Alright! The Pokemon GO Plus peripheral will be purchasable through the app, and select stores for $34.99 US.


A connection to the main games will eventually be incorporated.


25 candies are used to evolve. For example, catching 25 Squirtles will net you 25 candies, and these can be used to get a Wartortle.


Trading will be implemented after launch.


Multiplayer is coming, too. Trainers will be able to team up and take on gyms.



Segment Two: Ever Oasis (3DS)


A brand new IP!


Ever Oasis, and action RPG that's set in a – you guessed it – oasis. You build your own settlement, and explore the surrounding desert lands for resources. Looks wonderful!

Developed Grezzo, Koichi Ishii is the producer and director. He worked on Secret of Mana, Final Fantasy I, II and III, as well as Final Fantasy Online. He also created Moogles, Chocobos and the Job System. Woah.


Main character is Tethu, the leader of the oasis, and has a water spirit partner. Can be male or female.


Ishii-san developed Ever Oasis with things like real-life relationships, wants and needs in mind.


Shops you build are called Bloom Booths. You need to stock them and have 'underlings' sell wares.


Newts are cute little penguin-type characters that look to be the de-facto mascots. They're 'loaded', apparently.


Tethu is a 'seedling', who can create life from seeds. Bloom Booths are grown from seeds.


You can explore the outer worlds, as well as dungeons (naturally).


Parties are a big part of the game. Members have different abilities to solve puzzles. On screen, Tethu has the 'Green Gale' wind power, Miura (a snake/dragon-type person) has a spear that can lift things, and Roto (another seedling) can turn into a pellet and roll into holes, Samus-style.


Party members are 'wanderers' that can be recruited in side-quests.


Battle is very Zelda, with lock-on, and slashing.


Story, Tethu's brother is kidnapped by a thing called 'Chaos', which corrupting the desert and its denizens. Defeating the corrupted enemies frees them.


Egyptian aesthetic, with similarly influenced names. Looks wonderful.


Day/night cycle. Shops close at night, and enemies are tougher.


Strategically plant items to help with Bloom Booth revenue.


“Stay tuned for some other hotness.” Okay.



Segment Three: BoxBoxBoy!! (3DS eShop)


Sequel to BoxBoy! If you haven't played it yet – GO AND DO IT. IT'S ON SALE NOW.


2D platformer where you create boxes to solve puzzles. There's a box limit in each level. Stay within the limit to collect crowns. Go over, and you can still complete the level.


Developed by HAL, so you know its good.


Costumes unlocked in the first game will carry over.


Can use Play Coins (remember those?) to buy hints.


Out on June 30th!


MyNintendo members get an extra discount ON TOP of the pre-existing one for the original BoxBoy!

Segment Four: Mario Party Star Rush (3DS)


Toad Scramble Mode. Everyone plays as Toad.


Not a traditional Mario Party board. You can move around freely, kinda like a 3D Smash Tour. Everyone moves at once – no more waiting for turns. God yes.


Ally characters and items can be found by running into them, again like Smash Tour.


There's a boss on the map, and you can go straight to him. Whoever runs into him, can fight him. Other players can choose to participate by helping or hindering. Here, you must collect apples whilst avoiding Goombas. When defeated, King Bob-Omb then shows up on the board.


Ally characters can be played as, or help you on your behalf. They have special buffs. Waluigi has a 50 percent chance of giving a huge score, or having his coins taken away. Wah.


In each boss fight and minigame, there can be up to ELEVEN characters.


Brand new Amiibo announced! Waluigi! Daisy! Wario! Rosalina! Donkey Kong! Diddy Kong! GLOW IN THE DARK BOO!


Mario Part Star Rush will be released in Australia on October 8th, and the US on November 4th.

Segment Five: YO-KAI WATCH 2 (3DS)


YO-KAI WATCH 2: Bony Spirits & Fleshy Souls Trailer. Out September 30th.


Akiro Hino is here. Head of Level-5 and creator of YO-KAI WATCH. Says he wants to replicate the series' success in Japan for the West. He's wearing the YO-KAI WATCH Model Zero, which is introduced in the game as the first model of its kind.


Talks about the franchise. Hino says YO-KAI aren't monsters, ghosts or creatures, but are kind of a combination of all three. As a battle plays, he talks about its design, and how he wanted kids to enjoy it. This is done by interacting with YO-KAI (touching, rubbing, tapping, etc.), whilst they auto-attack.


Mentions the blue cat YO-KAI, who was with Nate's late grandfather, and is Jibanyan's predecessor.


The town in the game is modelled from a real Japanese location.


Characters journey 60 years in the past, where Nate meets his grandfather (who is the same age as he is).


Hino is asked about the design methods of the various YO-KAI. They come up with the abilities first, before the physical design. Says this is the most fun of the development process.


Level-5 wanted to expand upon the open-world concept, by introducing time travel and different towns.


Says original YO-KAI are based on Japanese myths and creatures, and wants to introduce them world-wide.


On the battle system, he admits that it is basic, but that players should focus on where to hit enemies, and the formation of your YO-KAI team.


New mode for YO-KAI WATCH 2 is co-op. The “most fun function” Level-5 have added, four players directly take control of YO-KAI. In Japan, this is actually based on an entirely separate series, but has been added to this game. The theme of this adventure is to feel like you're part of a group, and you can choose from different classes.

On the topic of having two different versions of the game, Hino wanted players to exchange YO-KAI, and have them team up to tackle bigger challenge.


Final thoughts from Hino, he repeats that YO-KAI WATCH 2 has become a phenomenon in Japan, and wants to replicate the success worldwide.


Continued in Part Two...