At the start, Cronos will attempt to squash you. Button mash your way out of this and fire up the Head of Helios which will temporarily blind Cronos. Escape and you'll begin to fall. Press the correct buttons in the quicktime (QTE) event which follows and land on his hand safely.

Fight off the enemies which spawn to shift his cuff. Proceed upwards on his hand while fending off any enemies. You'll eventually reach a red wound on his arm. Attack this to get Cronos' attention. Now, Cronos will attack you with his breath and you'll have to deal with the ground enemies as well. After killing the enemies, Cronos will try slapping you with his massive palm. Stay clear of the shadow to take no damage. After he slaps, he will leave his nail exposed. Target this nail and weaken it. Continue to rinse and repeat until you get a prompt to rip off his nail.

Next, avoid his fingers once more and climb onto his leftmost one. Fire up the Head of Helios once more. Follow the onscreen buttons to reach his waist. Climb up and eventually glide to reach a platform. Open the circular clasp and start hammering the blue Onyx using the Nemean Cestus and kill any enemies nearby.

Soon you'll end up in his hand once again. Button mash your way out from underneath it, head right and swing from the grapple point. Keep going until you reach a mini boss which emerges from Cronos' wound. Damage it and you can control it. Use him to attack the shoulder wound.

Watch the cutscene as you end up in his mouth. Slide down as fast as you can and at the end.  During this segment, speed is key. Quickly remove anything blocking your slide by attacking it. Press L3+R3 to end up in his hand again. Make your way up to a platform on the left and start hammering the Onyx with Nemean Cestus until it breaks. Follow the QTE and you'll end up on the forehead of the titan. Press circle when prompted to drive the Blade of Olympus through his forehead and end the Titan. You're now a Titan Slayer. 

If playing on a high difficulty, remember to not engage any ground forces unless it's absolutely essential.