<h3>Smelter Demon</h3> This guy is a tough cookie. Before we step through the fogwall, lets do a few things first. One, Smelter Demon deals incredible fire damage as well as physical so don as much fire resistance as you can, the higher the better. Next, prep for higher movement speed. His attacks are best avoided, not blocked, so make sure you’re able to dodge effectively. Finally, outside of the boss room, on the opposite side of the walkway is a gap you can jump across to reach a small landing. At the top of this landing is a Pharros Mechanism. Force feed it a Lockstone and watch as precious water appears. Standing in this water gives you a boost to fire resistance as you are now considered damp or wet. Also, a Strike weapon will be your saviour if you can get/have one.

Now, Smelter Demon, he’s a tough opponent and the main reason is, as mentioned, his fire abilities. Beginning the fight, he will focus on physical attacks. These are no joke and will punish mistakes, evade them and attack him after he has performed an attack of his own. Generally the big openings are after a plunging attack or overhead smash attack. Be careful if he does a plunging attack and seems to linger on the spot, this is him charging a detonation which takes a few seconds after landing to trigger and can catch people off guard. Wait and see what he does before attacking.

After a period of time, not damage received, the Smelter Demon will ignite its gut and begin erupting fire. This will cause constant damage to anyone standing near him. You need to be pretty close to receive the damage but it is a problem if you aren’t fire resistant enough. Keep up the same routine so far, evade his attacks and poke him when you feel safe. If you can, pop a Lifegem when you intend to be near him for attacks. Ranged fighters needn’t bother but for melee players, your health drain will become a problem if not managed.

After another period of time, Smelter Demon will strike his sword through his stomach, setting it on fire. This is where fire will become a big problem for you. If you are hit by this your health will take a big wallop so just don’t get hit. Keep up the same pattern as all that has changed is his potential damage output. 

For those that are suffering, Lucatiel of Mirrah is ready to help just outside the boss gate. You can see her sign from the gate.