<h3>Manus, Father of the Abyss</h3> Arguably the most challenging of the expansion bosses is Manus. This guy is no joke and is a good example of what to expect from future FromSoftware games after this DLC. Manus is manic and despite his size moves extremely fast. He uses Dark Magic that can be blocked and dodged but not reliably, especially for anyone unfamiliar with this fight. Before we dive in though, remember poor old Sif? Well, if you saved him in the Abyss outside you can summon him from within the fight itself. His sign will be in the arena you fight Manus in. Also, grab the Silver Pendant. This item completely deflects Dark Magic and will be invaluable in this fight.

So, let’s jump down and meet Manus. For the first half of the fight Manus will fight physically. Much like Artorias, his attacks deal heavy stamina damage and some may even go right through your shield and dig into your health. With this in mind, avoid direct blocking if you can and try to lure him into attacking specific ways. For example, if you are a mage of some kind, keep your distance and try to attack when he does large, far reaching attacks as these tend to leave him more open to a counter strike.

If you’re melee focused, try to learn his attacks and never assume you are safe. If you are behind him he will wiggle his arm around behind him and smack you for not asking permission. If you are at any distance, he can perform a wide sweeping attack that must be rolled through to avoid. Your best bet is to remember the attacks that leave him with a recovery period, such as when he does a heavy swing and doesn’t connect. This will grant you enough time to attack a few times then back off.

If you’ve survived till he reaches about 75% - 50% health, he will start using his magic. This comes in a few forms, orbs from the sky that rain down, orbs from outside that smash inwards from behind you and a frontal blast right from Manus himself. This is where the Silver Pendant will be used. When you see him begin these magic attacks start spamming that Silver Pendant as the attack will be rendered useless. Timing the Pendant can be difficult though so simply spamming it as soon as you see him begin his magic attack is best. Be wary though as sometimes the magic from above can get caught on the protection sphere the Pendant provides. If it does, when the Pendant stops working try to dodge away to the side as quickly as possible.