<h3>Ancient Dragon</h3> Imagine the Ancient Dragon fight as Guardian Dragon x2. His attacks are similar, but just twice as deadly.

This guy loves his fire attacks. Should you be at mid to long range he will use his fire breath to attack which is extremely deadly, if you are close to/below him he will fly up into the sky and breath straight down causing fire to cover a great deal of the arena. Depending on your Fire Resistance you may only be able to suffer a few hits from his fire. With both attacks hitting you multiple times in one go, you'll want to avoid it completely.

Attack his front legs, preferably his front right leg.  Hit him a few times but don't burn your stamina out. He will attempt to fly upwards and burn the ground so sprint to the edge of the arena as fast as possible and wait till he comes back down. If he tries to burn you in typical straight forward fashion, just move to the side and use that time to get in close to his leg. His fire attacks are fairly well telegraphed and slow, so learning his tells is key. Should he be about to fly up, his wings will flutter. Should he be breathing fire form the ground, he will arch backwards.

His physical attacks are similar to the Guardian Dragons. Biting and Stomping you till you’re paste. These are deadly but slow and you have to really push him to use them. Pay attention to what his body is doing and whether it’s time to run away or stay and fight.

Spell Casters will find Lightning to be effective against him. However due to many ranged fighters being glass cannons (low health, high attack), be prepared to abandon attacks if he attempts to burn you.

Bringing a summon is possible after causing the area to be blocked by a fogwall, however, this will raise his health substantially and your summon may die anyway leaving you with a bigger challenge. A good example is Vengarl who is available to help. He will mostly just soak up damage for a few minutes before being deep fried, leaving you with the immense health bar to contend with.

The Ancient Dragon is entirely optional. The only reason you'll have to fight him is if you used violence against him. Think carefully.