<h3>Vendrick</h3> Slowly plodding around his sanctuary is Vendrick. He isn’t hostile unless annoyed, but when he does become hostile you need to be very very careful with how you fight him. 

Vendrick has an insanely high health pool. Without a certain set of items his health will be just too damn high for you to want to bother fighting him at all. To combat this you need to acquire four Giant Souls. One can be found below Black Gulch and three more in the memories of Jeigh, Vammar and Orro, three memories accessed via the trees in Forest of the Fallen Giants. With these souls in your possession, Vendrick becomes weaker to the point of fightable. There is a fifth Giant Soul to be collected from the Ancient Dragon at the top of the Dragon Shrine, however this isn’t necessary and may not be worth the trouble.

With these four souls in possession arrange a time to meet with Vendrick. When you walk in he will shuffle around dragging his sword so keep damaging him and eventually he will become hostile. When he does make it a rule to stick to his left hand side and always keep a shield up unless you're attacking. His sword is devastating and will possibly one shot you. Should he hit your shield however you will likely only be staggered with enough time to reset yourself at his side out of danger.

His attacks are heavy, fairly fast sword swipes and smashes that will nearly always miss as long as you stay at his left side. So, from here just wait to see what he does before attacking. Should he swing sideways hold off on attacking till he is done. If he is smashing vertically attack whenever you feel but keep ahead of his blade as he will try to turn and face you as he attacks. 

If he leaps backwards you’ll need to either catch back up to him which is risky or hold back and wait for his next attack. Both are very dangerous which is why you need to prevent him from leaping away as best you can. Getting behind him can trigger a leap, so learn that sweet spot between out of reach of his blade and not spooking him from behind. Of course he may leap for no reason at all so always assume the worst.

His last method of assault is a large Burning Orb that does Curse Damage. It hurts a lot but he does this very rarely and seems not to bother unless you are at range. So, if Vendrick leaps away he may follow up with this Orb.

Vendrick is susceptible to elements and status effects such as Bleed however only use this to augment your abilities, don’t rely on them. In addition, being able to survive at least one blow is nice so wear something with slightly higher defences. That way it isn’t over after one mistake.