<h3>Burnt Ivory King</h3> As the final Portal is encased in Ice, the Ivory King will arrive in the middle rear of the arena. A large flaming Chaos Portal will reveal your foe and he will stride out to fight you. Generally you’ll have one more Loyce Knight left so let him lead the fight.

The King’s attacks are based on big hits for high damage with hard to follow motion. He will regularly leap up into the air and twist down to slice you, he will thrust himself through you and do other fairly flamboyant Greatsword attacks. His Magic stage is very dangerous as his sword becomes more powerful and he unlocks some extra moves. When in Magic mode, he can now magic stab you which is extremely deadly as he thrusts into you, raises you up then throws you like a dish towel across the arena. His other Magic mode move comes from the King shoving his sword into the ground followed by shards of ice erupting around him, less deadly but still not worth letting hit you.

Luckily his attacks are all telegraphed fairly well. Let the Loyce Knights do the heavy lifting at first with you sliding in to attack while the King is distracted. Staying fairly close works as his sword is well endowed and he can’t swing it particularly close. Of course the damage isn’t effected but it’s simply easier to have him whiff an attack over your head and for you to retaliate. 

When he goes into magic mode take extra precautions. His magic will break through your shield like any effect that isn’t 100% resistant on your shield. If he attempts to thrust at you, just dodge it sideways. This is why I find being closer easier as at range he can clip you into the thrust despite his actual reach, at a closer range he does this much less. Always keep track of the Ivory King. His attacks can often cause him to wind up with a leap into the air or by going so far past you so quickly you’ll break lock on.

Again, let your Knight guide you. After a fight with the Charred army he will be weakened, perhaps severely, but can do some acceptable damage to the King before finally being vanquished. Work as a team and when he is dead, take what you’ve learned in those few minutes to take over. Take as many summons as you’d like. Lucatiel of Mirrah and Twiggy Shei are ready and raring to go just outside and within the Cathedral main hall.

And with that, we are done. From the Bonfire in Majula you may wish to start your journey all over again and improve upon what you've learned, or make an entirely unique method of success. Thank you for joining us and we look forward to dissecting and revealing the most effective methods of victory in Dark Souls 3.