<h3>Sir Alonne</h3> Sir Alonne can be accessed through his displayed Armour next to the Smelter Throne Bonfire.

At the end of the Memory of the Old Iron King is Sir Alonne, waiting on the ground quietly before you enter. Sir Alonne is very fast and has amazing range. His Katana is very long and should he be across the room from you will slide across the room in an uppercut slice. Up close he has traditional slices that you would expect from any enemy with a Katana as well as the ability to thrust his sword forward, charged with magic, impaling you and taking a significant chunk of your health away as well as buffing himself with increased damage. Fun.

The fight isn’t all that complex, though like the Fume Knight he delays attacks randomly to take advantage of your apparent safety. Attempting to heal is very risky as he may notice this and simply stab you mid heal. What you’ll want to do is equip even a modest shield and dodge his attacks, allowing your shield to block what you don’t feel comfortable dodging. When he does a thrust or slide attack from across the room, evade it and use these chances to poke him once or twice. Magic users need to use this time to deliver a strong spell or summon a buff/soul mass as his openings are very short and he may even reset himself faster than usual, ruining your plans of attack.

You’ll just have to take your time. Defeat him with bug bites and endure the storm. A great shield fully upgraded or any 100% Physical Defence shield will be a boon as his attacks, with good stamina management, can be completely blocked with stamina left over for a poke or roll when he’s finished attacking.

If he has a weakness it’s that he commits a lot of power to each swing of his blade. Being such a large blade means getting in close will prevent him from being as effective. Should you be struggling with the boss, or the long walk to the boss, summon some help from the room you spawn into. Your helpers are Steel-willed Lorrie and Drifter Swordsman Aidel, both very capable, even for Sir Alonne.

Should you defeat Alonne without suffering any damage whatsoever his death will be slightly different. Instead of simply dying, he will turn his blade on himself and commit suicide, or at least the Japanese ritual version known as Seppuku. Guy was committed.