<h3>Oceiros, the Consumed King</h3>

As far as bosses go, Oceiros is pretty chatty. Don’t let that distract you, as paying keen attention to his speed is essential. Early on his attacks are somewhat slow and he prefers to attack with his staff. Get close and just hack away, careful to dodge/block his attacks. It isn’t long however before Oceiros switches over to a faster, more physically aggressive stance.

The second phase of the fight is much more dynamic. Oceiros will become a scampering battering ram. When attacking, he will simply barge through you causing about half damage should he connect. Blocking is critical to not only prevent the initial hit, but when Oceiros connects, he often makes secondary motions that do just as much damage as the first. Not only this but he will whip his tail in a 720 degree circle with decent range. Occasionally he will also breathe frost either from the sky or simply while grounded. The frost isn’t as dangerous as it seems, just dodge it or back away.

In between all of this you need to find time to hit him, which may seem daunting at first. For magic users, don’t bother with anything but Great Heavy Soul Arrows or Soul Spears mixed with all your possible Sorcery enhancements, such as Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring. Pyro’s and Miracle users should stick with heavy hitting spells like Fire Orb and Lighting Spears. Make sure to have a weapon that is not focused solely on Intelligence Scaling. Much like Aldrich, Ocerios doesn’t care much for Magic. Use your ranged abilities when he has finished an attack that results in a fair distance between you.

For Melee, wait for him to perform attacks in which he crawls towards you, snapping and swiping madly. Dodge through him and get some hits in whilst he continues past. Also when he swipes his tail, he is vulnerable should you dodge towards him. Be prepared to abandon attacks if you don’t feel confident; patience is key. Hawkwood the Deserter is willing to assist for this fight. His sign is in the lower circular area before the two Large Church Knights wielding Greatswords.