<h3>Four Kings</h3> Another complex fight, especially for those who aren’t overly aggressive. The Four Kings are a repeating boss that will constantly spawn to a maximum of four. Should one die, or you simply let it live, you have a limited amount of time before another shows up. That said, they share one health pool so even though four may exist at once, they are all one enemy in a way. Also, this boss arena will kill you if you aren’t wearing the Covenant of Artorias. This is gained by killing the boss Sif, The Great Grey Wolf.

So, jump down into the Abyss. After a few moments the first King shall appear. Scan the darkness as he spawns a fair distance away. The King's main attacks are basic sword swings either direction and some pokes. However they do magic damage as well as physical and along with these, he can explode with magic in an area of effect attack, fire magical seeking missiles and grab you and suck the life (Humanity and Health) out of you. Not to mention you’re on the clock.

So, you have to be aggressive. Causing as much damage as quickly as possible without constantly being drained of Stamina is essential. Casting the Pyromancy Power Within will increase your damage substantially at the cost of health whilst buffing your weapon with a resin will also help. For magic users, keep at a distance and make sure to don the Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring and/or the Crown of Dusk, boosting your spell power to obscene levels. Anything to kill a King before one becomes two.

Your weapon of choice won’t matter unless it is severely underpowered in which case some upgrading may be in order, or just buying lots of resins. Make sure to wear the Grass Crest Shield and if you’re able, throw on that Chloranthy Ring for extra stamina regeneration. Highest possible damage as fast as possible with as greater stamina regeneration as possible.

There is a summon available to help you with this fight. However, you can only summon her if you summoned her for the Moonlight Butterfly fight. Should you bring her into the fight, the Boss's health will be increased to the point that she will become a hinderance to you. If she dies you are left with a extended Boss health pool and if you find it difficult already, something like more health for your foe could prove insurmountable. Her attacks are not all that deadly either, thus, Four Kings are best done solo.