<h3>Executioners Chariot</h3> Rolling up to the undead speedway, or Undead Purgatory, we find the Executioner’s Chariot. But this fight is a bit different, the Arena is an oval, much like a NASCAR track, and running around it counter-clockwise is the Boss.

The Chariot will be making rotations at about 10 seconds or so per encounter. So, once he passes by, you won’t have much time to move forward, which is what we need to do. You’ll notice some Skeletons trying to assault you after moving up a few metres. They will respawn until you kill the Necromancer that is resurrecting them. 

So, on your sides are small indentations in the wall, cover from the Chariot, not only can these protect you from the Boss but also house the two Necromancers. Stick to the left of the arena at first and use the gaps in the wall to take cover, eventually you’ll find a Necromancer relaxing and resurrecting his buddies, kill him and the first set of Skeletons are now dead.

Now to kill the next Necromancer. Follow the track onward staying in cover when needed and on the right hand side of the track, close to a large open gate will be the final Necromancer. Kill him and all Skeletons will stay dead. But that still leaves the Chariot. That gate I mentioned, there is a switch for it located on the left hand side of the track, right beneath the gate. Wait for the Chariot to race by then run over and lower the gate. This will block the Chariot and cause it to crash. Now for part two of the fight.

The Boss itself turns out to be the double headed horse the Chariot was using. Upon crashing, the horse will right itself and begin attacking. It has a fairly low health pool but its attacks can do big damage and in a narrow area you may get caught. If at range the horse may charge you which should be dodged as he can knock you down should you try to defend against it. He may also release a black, magic fog towards you or in a wide arc that will hit multiple times if you stay in it. His other attacks are pretty identical to what you’d expect from an annoyed horse in real life so don’t hang around the back legs too long and watch out if it rears up.