<h3>Afflicted Graverobber, Ancient Soldier Varg, and Cerah the Old Explorer</h3> What goes up must come down as we go from one of the best fights, to one of the worst. This dirty threesome is a representation of what someone can experience should they invade a world with two summoned phantoms. Before going in know that this fight is entirely optional. You can also summon two Phantoms at the beginning of the area to help.

Three enemies are this boss, each with their own health bars. Varg wears Havel the Rock’s armor from Dark Souls as well as his shield and the Dragon’s Tooth. Graverobber wears the Alva Set and possess two deadly Katanas that she can chain into some truly frustrating attacks. Then Cerah, wearing simple light armor who will fire a greatbow at you from afar, but should you approach will switch to an Estoc that can stunlock you.

Your first order of business depends on if you are alone or with summons. If I have summons I ignore Cerah and focus on Graverobber as the summons will take attention from Varg and Cerah. If for some reason Varg is the one that chooses to attack me first, I try to lure Graverobber away and let Varg switch focus back on the summons. Graverobber is highly dangerous but also as weak as you or I. Backstabs are possible as are parry and ripostes. If you can manage those two critical attacks go nuts. If not then you’ll simply need to wait for an opening and strike back as fast as you can then pulling back and allowing her to give you another opening. Her health is not all that high so a few attacks/criticals will be all you need. 

The same is true of Varg though his damage output is even higher, just slower. Assuming you still have at least one phantom summon, focus on Varg and trade his attention, whittling him down. At lower health he will attempt to Estus so use that as an opening if you can. Cerah should be left till last. This may fly in the face of other opinions but Cerah doesn’t move around much and will stay at a distance unless cornered. Just keep a wall or pillar between you and Cerah.

If you are alone the plan is a tad different. With all three focused on you, you’ll need to kite Varg and Graverobber around the map, staying clear of Cerah. Jumping down into the pools can give you a moments breath to heal and lure them down with you. They aren’t as quick in the water so this can help seperate them. 

Damage whoever you can as often and as much as you can, whittle them down and when one is dead, the burden is lifted. Cerah as always isn’t very aggressive so, if Varg or Graverobber is alive keeping luring them to areas Cerah can’t hit you and finish he/she off. Once the second is dead we can attack Cerah but don’t be fooled, Cerah’s Estoc is deadly and can kill you as quickly as the Dragon’s Tooth. Try to use big heavy hits then back off instead of going toe to toe as that Estoc is just too quick. Cerah may whip out the greatbow again, even when last one standing, so use that as an opportunity to close in.

Rapacious Andrei and Ruined Aflis are the two summons available for this area. Both are acquired in the initial landing near the entrance to the Cave of the Dead. The problem is making it to the Boss in tact. From personal experience the fight is easier solo. But it's really an individual preference.

To be fair, the reward for defeating them is substantial. The damage some well made heels can cause may just be worth the trouble.