<h3>The Pursuer</h3> From a clumsy oaf to a hardened Knight. The Pursuer is a very aggressive, armoured opponent wielding a great sword and has excellent tracking.

The Pursuer won't give you much time to breath. His attacks are heavy and deadly and he will cross the map in a heartbeat to close in on you. You'll just need to wait for certain attacks that leave him with a few seconds to regather himself. The uppercut he uses to close in on you, if dodged, will give you time for hits. As will any Parry, in fact most of his attacks can be deflected, causing Pursuer to remain stunned for a few seconds.

One attack that can't be stopped is his Glowing Sword Thrust. This attack will impale you, Curse you (lowering your total health pool) as well as causing damage and throwing you to the ground. Also, The Pursuer will use this attack to buff himself with Dark. After a successful impaling, he will have the ability to release a barrage of Dark Orbs at you. He can change his angle as he casts this so quickly run behind him and wait until he begins firing before feeling safe. This attack leaves a great opportunity to get some damage done though.

If your attacks aren't really doing enough damage, you may like to try a Strike weapon. These include Hammers, Maces, even the Caestus. Heavy armour like The Pursuers is susceptible to Strike Damage.

Should you have help with you or are swift enough, there are Balissta’s located in the boss arena that can be fired. Shoot them into the Pursuer and he’ll lose about 3/4 of his health. Of course, this is a high risk action without help and even with a summon, can result in an accidental death from a face full of wooden bolts. Play safe kids.

But wait! Now i'm fighting the Pursuer in Lost Bastille, and Iron Keep, Drangleic Castle and Things Betwixt! Indeed he does actually pursue you around Drangleic. The fights are the same except that his ability to send dark barrages at you is always available from here. So if you see him attempt this, just run behind him and attack.