<h3>Royal Rat Authority</h3> Best friend of the Royal Rat Vanguard.

The Authority is quite large and some of his attacks can penetrate a shield, unless they’re quite strong. With this in mind, prepare to dodge, and use a shield as a backup. Also, bring a bow with some elemental arrows as triggering the boss should be done by attacking the small Ratdog things just inside the Boss dwelling. There a four of them and if you don’t kill them fast they can Toxin you, making the fight ridiculously challenging, especially if said Ratdogs aren’t dead when the Authority arrives.

Anyway, we’re getting a bit ahead of ourself. Head on through to the fight and nothing will happen. The room is mostly safe to move around until you get too close to the Ratdogs or attack them. So look around, get an idea ready for how you might fight. 

When you’re ready, bring out your bow and shoot the closest ratdog. Once they are triggered they will beeline for you. As fast as you can shoot the other three. You can’t afford to have them running around whilst fighting the Authority. Kill them fast enough and you should have time to prepare for the Authority’s first attack so be ready.

Authority's attacks resemble a dog swatting a small bug. He’ll raise his paws and try to swipe or smack you. To avoid these always try to get under him, below his belly. Much like fighting Sif from Dark Souls. Another attack he may perform is hunching down slightly and lunging his entire body forward, knocking you down or breaking your guard depending on your stamina and shield stability. You can dodge this but it can be tricky given his size so this is a good time to block. Even if your shield isn’t amazing, you should merely have your guard broken and he doesn’t seem to take advantage of this ever.

Attacks from underneath are tricky as his legs are quite gangly and he’ll generally try to evade if you get under him. Once underneath, aim for his back legs as fast as you can then focus on his next movement. This should be enough to keep you alive until the last part of the fight.

Much like Sif, once the Authority is at deaths door, he will become much slower and appear hurt. His attacks will now be slower, still deadly but easily avoided. Should he begin to vomit run away and simply let it happen, his puke is poisonous and acidic and will kill you and ruin your equipped gear. So just wait till he’s done.

Remember, this fight is optional, but also a solo fight. No help can be summoned at all. The area is optional however so if you aren’t ready you can come back later.