Gaping Dragon

Yes the Gaping Dragon is disgusting but don’t say that out loud, he’s sensitive.

Near the entrance to Blighttown (Holiday retreat for the undead) is the Gaping Dragon. Once the fight starts, the Dragon will most likely smash his body downwards, then after a few seconds charge forward looking to crush anything in its way. This is your first and best example of its weakness. Get out of its way quickly and let it come to a stop, then run around to its side and hack away. Pretty simple really.

You can try attacking it at other times but due to its size and odd angle of its head, the Dragon will always have a way of causing severe harm or instant death for these attempts. So, to be safe, hold off on attacking it until you see it perform that very first attack again. Then, once it runs itself into a complete stop, attack, then back off again until you find your next opening.

There are some things to look out for in this fight. One, it has a mean grab attack where it will pick you up and try to eat you. If this happens button mash your controller till it lets you go. This is a trick that works for many grabs and if done quickly, will cause the Dragon to prematurely drop you. Another concern is his vomit attack. Should he appear to be evacuating his lunch run as far away as possible as the pool is enormous and will damage your equipment pretty badly, so stay away from that. Lastly if you haven’t already, kill the Channeler further up in the Depths. He’ll be near some rats and the Boss arena is visible from his perch. If he is alive when fighting the Gaping Dragon, he will fire spells at you and buff the boss, so take care of him before entering the Boss arena.

Lastly, his tail can be cut off to obtain the powerful weapon Dragon King Greataxe. To do so, wait for it to charge and come to a stop, then simply chop at the tail until it is severed. A few good hits and it should pop right off.

For those that are struggling, Solaire of Astora and Knight Lautrec of Carim are both available for summoning just above the door to the Boss room.