<h3>Scorpioness Najka</h3> For those familiar with Quelaag from Dark Souls, this boss is similar to her. Instead of fire Najka wields sorcery and instead of a spider, she’s a Sccorpion. Evolution is weird. 

Beginning the fight, Najka will just be relaxing in the middle of the arena, as if she’s buried her waist beneath the sand. If you stay away and don’t get too close or attack she’ll simply hurl soul spears at you. So, run down and bop her on the head, or just stay near her and she’ll disappear, only to come back with her entire other 3/4 of scorpion body.

Three methods of attack she has, one being her staff, the other her magic, the third her tails. Each can be pretty deadly but also easily avoided. Should you stay to her front she’ll attempt to slice and poke at you with her staff. It hasn’t got a lot of range so feel free to take advantage of that when it’s safe. Should she fail at this Najka will attempt to impale you on her stingers at the ends of her tails. These are capable of granting you the Toxic effect which will rapidly drain your health, making further combat a very lethal experience.

Her final method of assault is her magic, this comes in two forms, a unique form of soul spear that launches a volley of them in a sort of arch. If you’re close enough they will overshoot you, if not that are as dangerous as any soul spear. Second, she can summon Homing Soulmass, much like you can. The difference is she is able to split the firing of it into two parts. First she fires three of them, which then convert into soul spears once fired, then the remainders a few seconds later.

After she has taken some damage, sometimes half, sometimes more or less, Najka will burrow underground and begin stalking you. If you linger in the sand she will burst up from beneath you for high damage so, to avoid this, look for a small concrete block slightly buried in the sand. Stand on this and you are completely safe from her eventual rise.

Man Scorpion Tark is available to help if you spoke to him nearby. He will likely die however without your help. His sign will be right outside her fog door.