<h3>Looking Glass Knight</h3> Be ready for a fun, grueling fight. Looking Glass Knight is possibly one of the better tracking Bosses. He wields a Greatshield and Thorned Greatsword, the latter emits lightning attacks and has amazing tracking whilst his shield can deflect all magic and can summon other players to help fight against you. Yes he can in fact summon an invader.

The Knight is larger than you but humanoid so it’s fairly similar to a duel of sorts, just with a much slower, more lethal opponent. This is your advantage, as despite everything he still can’t move as fast as you thus his rear will be wide open after some attacks and even his right side and front can be attacked after a heavy swipe or long flurry of attacks. Spell casters will have a harder time as his shield always floats in front of a good chunk of his body so a strong spell can be nullified even though it seemed to be on target. 

On occasion he will use one of three attacks, a heavy sweeping attack that he clearly animates, sometimes he imbues his sword with lightning for this. Second a similar attack but more isolated from his regular attacks, he can use this to launch an arc of lightning horizontally in front of him. Thirdly this attack again but instead of horizontal he will raise his sword up, smash it down and aim lightning in a straight line towards you. These are your best chances to get decent damage in as these attacks are evadable and require him to be pointing towards you. Whilst he is capable of aiming this attack and realigning his aim should you move, he can’t do it perfectly so moving out of his attacks way then dodging any residue damage from the swing will leave you a window to poke him a few times. He is also weak to Strike damage as he is an armoured opponent.

Randomly through the fight he will bring his shield down in front him and begin to summon a Mirror Squire. A Mirror Squire is a Grey Phantom or Grey Invader that will pop out of the shields mirror and join the Knight in defeating you. Kill this phantom quickly or you may be overwhelmed as the Knight does not back down simply because he has help. Your best bet is to hang around just ahead of his shield as he is summoning. When the phantom comes out, attack it constantly till it is dead as there is a bit of a delay between him arriving and being able to fight back. The same goes for the Knight, once the summon arrives he won’t be back in action immediately so there is a brief period to sort out your plan.

Benhart of Jugo and Ashen Knight Boyd are available to be summoned for this fight in the passage leading to the Looking Glass Knight. Should you be struggling, especially if he is summoning regularly, they will be of great help to you as they can drag his attention away from you.