<h3>The Duke’s Dear Freja</h3> This fight is both simple and frustrating. At the bottom of a long climb down is arachnophobia in a nutshell. Freja is a giant two headed (one head on either end of her body) spider surrounded by regular spiders crawling around on the ground. As soon as you have control back after Freja’s introduction, kill as many spiders ahead of you as you can then run away to the side of Freja. Her big legs are devastating and can easily ruin all your hopes and dreams if they connect. There have been times i’ve been outright killed by one stomp nearly immediately.

So, we have less spiders running around, now lets deal with Freja. At a close to mid range she will use her legs or mouth pincers to attack. Never risk getting hit, they are deadly and being too close when she is moving can slow your movement so never hang around for long in one spot. At longer ranges she has a laser beam (cause why not?) that she fires in a wide arc from right to left. Both heads do this. Somewhere in between all these attacks she can fire webs that will slow you down, acid that will hurt you and can leap across the map to land on you or just move position.

In regards to attacking her, Freja's entire body is impenetrable aside from her two heads. A great technique if you can coax her to cooperate is to lure out her laser beam. This is recognisable by her raising her body up off the ground and aiming herself to her right, then she will begin to fire it until just before she reaches her legs. Use this time to sprint to the opposite head, which won’t attack whilst the other is busy. You should manage to get some hits in with time to get back from her next attack.

Be careful of extra enemies spawning in from time to time as they will hound you and, as you are aware by now, can really hurt. 

Ashen Knight Boyd can be summoned to help from the room outside the boss gate and Manhunter O’harrah from the room with the many spiders hanging from the ceiling, just before your descent down the webs.