The Bed of Chaos

Bed of Chaos is annoying. This is an enemy that you don’t truly fight, instead you need to attack two glowing roots on either side of the tree, making it even angrier in the process. Bring a bow - it doesn’t matter how levelled up it is, you’re just better off to bring one.

Sliding down into the fight we see our foe. Head to your right, hugging the wall as best you can. Try to get close to the glowing root as you can without getting smushed by the tree hand. Grab your bow when you’re safe and fire your arrows into the mess of roots. You’ll break down a few roots until you hit the main one. Breaking this root will cause the tree to gain one big flaming scythe on the opposite arm. It will also gain a new fire attack much like the Firestorm Pyromancy that you can use.

This is the point that will become annoying. To get back to the front of the room, you’ll need to venture up alongside the tree itself to avoid the floor that will now give way. The path is narrow and the giant tree hand will swipe you off if you can’t avoid it. There are ways to avoid this. You can either Homeward Bone to the Bonfire and walk back - the Boss will still have lost its glowing root and no progress will have been lost. Alternatively, quit and reload which will leave you at the fog gate, able to slide back into the boss fight without the walk back from the Bonfire.

If you choose to stay and you manage to survive the trip back to the middle, you are now going to do the same thing on the other side. Face the tree, then go to your left and hug the wall again as the floor will give way on your side. Find a safe spot near the end of the path and shoot the root as you did before. Once it is destroyed head back to the middle again. Watch out for more fire attacks from above and beneath you.

Now we need to get at the tree itself. If you run towards the tree you will find the floor gives way and below is a lone root that you can use to reach the other side. Once you’ve figured out its location, bait out its arms so that they swing and miss. Once the second arm misses, charge forward and leap out onto the lone root. Once safe on the root, rush up and hack through the twigs until you get to a small bug at the end of the passage. Kill it and you’re done.

The ease of dying to the Bed of Chaos is so high that this fight will truly becoming frustrating. The Homeward Bone and Quitting to reload options aren’t particularly poor form, given the design of the fight.