Dragon Slayer Ornstein and Executioner Smough

Be prepared for possibly the hardest fight in the game.

Ornstein and Smough are a duo boss, like the Gargoyles. But, they differ in that one is big, slow and carries a large hammer whilst the other is fast, throws lightning at you and has a long spear. Both deal lightning damage at some point of the fight so bring your best lightning gear and a shield with high lightning resistance. Also, it’s advised that you enlist the help of Solaire of Astora, his summon sign is outside the boss room on some stairs leading to a Silver Knight Archer.

Let’s assume you are alone for this fight. Firstly, be prepared to let this fight drag on, don’t rush things or you’ll be destroyed. You’ll need to choose who you are going to kill first and stick with that choice. There are benefits and risks to either so it doesn’t really matter who you choose, and the reward for killing Ornstein last isn’t worth it for someone inexperienced with Dark Souls inner workings, so the choice is completely free. Ornstein’s attacks are defendable and aren’t too draining of stamina but don’t let him box you in because if Smough catches up he will most likely break through your shield. Smough uses a charge attack regularly that can completely break your guard and take health along with it. If this attack connects it is usually lights out.

What you’ll need to do is begin luring the duo around the Cathedral. Ornstein will generally stay with you regularly, constantly trying to attack whilst Smough will catch up when he can to crush you. When you feel comfortable, do some damage to your chosen target, then retreat and begin luring them around again until you can open up another window of attack. Ranged players will find this easier as they can keep a larger gap between the duo.

Should you manage to bring down one of the pair, the other will absorb the power of the fallen. Smough will gain Lightning but generally stay the same in his attack patterns whilst Ornstein will quadruple in size and change to a slightly different moveset, given his newfound vertical enrichment.

Should you have company in this fight, life will be much easier. Simply allow your friend to grab the attention of one boss and split the two apart. Try to grab the attention of the boss you’d like to evolve, that way your phantom can simply attack without thinking. Online summons catch on pretty quickly what your plan is and will act accordingly.