<h3>Fume Knight</h3> Located at the bottom of Brume Tower is the first of the bosses from the second expansion. Possibly one of the hardest fights in the game, beating Fume Knight takes a lot of practice and understanding of how he fights.

Fume Knight wields two swords, an enormous great sword in one hand and a smaller short sword in the other. His great sword is very powerful and will surprise you at how fast it can be swung. His short sword is only present for half of the fight but will likely cause you the most damage for its duration. Fume Knight tends to lead with the short sword making rapid pokes and slashes then finishing up with a heavy blow from his great sword. Fume Knight is also very adept at cutting you off from circling around to his rear. Should you attempt to, he may swing his short sword back wards, cutting you as you try to land some quick hits and, if unlucky enough, he may even stun you and follow up with his great sword.

Blocking his attacks can be effective but don’t rely on it. His attacks are heavy and fast, draining your stamina should you defend for too long. Always be careful when you’re dodging, blocking or healing as he will often delay an attack, appearing to finish his series of swings, only to throw in a final heavy swing when you have let your guard down. He can also move very quickly, closing distance on you and thrusting his great sword right through you. And this is all the first half of the fight.

At about half health, sometimes a bit earlier or later, Fume Knight will abandon his short sword and two hand his great sword as well as imbuing it with a dark fire. At this point his attacks are even more dangerous, just as fast and his moveset changes to include magic effects from his sword. These include a very wide lethal swing in which he charges his sword from his side and swings it semi slowly in a horizontal arc that reaches a very wide angle. He will also push his sword into the ground, set off an explosion followed by a rotating circle of dark fire orbs that really hurt should they touch you.

Good news is all his attacks can be dodged. In regards to his first phase, simply keep a shield handy and dodge his attacks as any boss. Blocking his short sword is ok, just don’t hold it up for bigger attacks. When he swings his great sword roll through the attack in the opposite way to where it is going or just so you’re out of range. The second phase drop the shield, it’s just dead weight. Switch to two handing your weapon and roll through every attack as they are slow enough to predict their direction. When he charges his horizontal fire dodge into it. Going around behind him in the direction of the sword is too risky and the attack is too slow to reliably evade damage. Same goes for his ground explosion balls, back off and let him do the attack, then when the balls begin circling, roll through them towards Fume Knight as they continually move outwards.

You can summon help outside, with Carillion of the Fold’s sign just outside and Steelheart Ellie’s in the Bonfire Room. However this is inadvisable. Whilst he will split his attention now between more enemies, his health will climb so high that should your help die, you are left with an overly healthy, just as deadly boss. Not only this but his attention switches wildly. One second he'll attack you, then the next your summon, then for no reason you again. Try to do this on your own before summoning assistance and if you do, be as aggressive as you can to keep them alive long enough.