<h3>Knight Artorias</h3> Ah, the legendary warrior himself. Mentioned throughout the game already, we finally get to meet said Knight - well, what is left of him anyway. Corrupted by the Abyss, Knight Artorias has seen better days but his sword arm makes this one of the more brutal fights in Dark Souls.

A highly aggressive adversary, Artorias will pressure you constantly with big sweeping swings, leaping smashing strikes and rushing stab attacks that will push right through anything but the best defence. In fact, for newcomers especially, equipping a shield with high stability, ideally 65 or higher, is important as his attacks drain so much Stamina you will have your guard broken without it and given his human form, he will easily follow up a broken guard with a crushing attack.

So, then what? Let’s talk about his attacks, of which there are many. Being humanoid in form gives you the ability to know some of his limits. He won’t be growing a third limb or anything. However his ability to cover great distance quickly will mean using Estus or any other items will be risky. His left arm however is damaged and simply hangs at his side meaning he only attacks from his right side. Use this to your advantage and always try to dodge to his weak side. 

Also, some of his swings leave him very open to attack. Lunging forward through you is one and can be countered by simply dodging. Another is when he charges up his Abyssal power. He usually flips backwards a few times to get away from you before encasing himself in a dark fog. If he finishes this power up his strength will grow twofold, so rush forward and give him everything you’ve got. If you do enough damage he will stagger and not power up, this is important if you’re a new player as dealing with his extra strength will most likely result in your death extremely quickly.

Don't be afraid to let this fight drag on. His health bar is quite high and many of your strikes may feel like bug bites. Whittle him down slowly, prevent his power up and learn his methods of attack.