<h3>Nameless King</h3>

This fight is again in two parts.

The first half is dominated by The Nameless King riding his Dragon, firing down Great Lightning Spears and occasionally attempting to hit you with his Spear. For now your actual goal is to kill the Dragon. Ranged characters will find this part of the fight in their favour.

Wait for the Dragon to stop moving then move in/fire away at its head. Keep an eye on the King, making sure he doesn’t skewer you. Good times to attack are after the King has attempted to spear you or when the Dragon is breathing fire as the head is not only stationary, but also low to the ground. The Dragon’s health isn’t all that high so take your time if necessary. Just try not to waste any Estus yet. Don't bother attacking any other part of its body as staying underneath it will cause the Dragon to fly up and burn anything underneath it with fire. Just be patient and wait for your moment.

Part 2 of the fight is more traditional, with the Dragon dying and being absorbed into the King’s Spear for a lightning buff. Be prepared for a test of endurance however, as the King slowly ramps up his attack patterns from somewhat passive to near constant and crushing. Victory may indeed come down to the wire as one hit can easily stun you and chain into another, then death.

To prevent this you want to dodge everything. Block constantly but always dodge as your first plan. Learn his attack patterns well as they aren’t chain able. He won’t cancel out of one and into another, each one follows a process that can be out played. Those with the ability to resist lightning will succeed well, in fact the Lothric Knights Shield is an excellent choice for this fight as the lighting resistence is close to 90% and the Physical resistence is 100% with a high stability. A match made in heaven.

His health is also quite high, especially for a two part fight. Having full/close to full Estus is essential. Those with magic may find success in Crystal Soul Spears and the like, however Pyromancers and Lightning lovers won't enjoy the same success. Don't over do it either, one attack at a time is more than enough. Just hang in there.

Despite all this, the Nameless King is optional. Continuation is your choice, we won’t hold it against you.