<h3>Chaos Witch Qualaag</h3> We’ve dealt with a magic based boss, now it’s time to deal with a fire-themed boss. Whilst not entirely fire-based, most of her attacks do make use of the element in some way which means you’ll be needing to raise your fire defence as high as possible. Grab a shield with some decent fire resistance. 

Dragon Crest Shield (located in the Valley of Drakes near an Undead Dragon) and Black Knight Shield (dropped by Black Knights) are your best picks at this point if you can acquire them.

So, despite her size, Quelaag can move very quickly and can cause sever damage. She has a lot of openings to attack but your best bet is to wait until her spider half decides to vomit fire from side to side. While it’s doing this, Quelaag can’t move so run around to her side and put some hits in. 

But don’t linger, if she catches you doing this she has two attacks that will put an end to your fun. One will be her exhausting fire spouts from her rear close to where you are which cause a good deal of damage, the second and more devastating attack is where she detonates an enormous fiery explosion that will likely instantly kill anyone without their guard up, and even with your guard up may take a portion of your health anyway.

Her human half will attack with a flaming sword and these attacks will always incur slight damage as they are fire-based and would need a shield of both 100% physical and fire protection to defend completely. So if you can, stay away, only stay as close as you need to and back off when you aren’t attacking. 

Also, don’t let her lava attacks surround you. Should you get absorbed in the heat of the fight, you may lose track of the molten lava being spewed onto the ground. It doesn’t last too long but if Quelaag were to entrap you within a laval circle that may just spell the end of your battle.

Just outside the fog door, assuming you killed her red phantom form, Maneater Mildred is available to be summoned. Despite not wearing anything but a sack on her head, Mildred is very resilient and much more effective as a summon than an invader.