<h3>Ruin Sentinels</h3> Yahim, Alessia and Ricca are three Ruin Sentinals within the Lost Bastille. They don’t mess around and can overwhelm even the veteran.

Luckily you don’t have to fight all three at once. Jumping down through the hole in the wall will land you in reach of your first Sentinel. Immediately get out of the way to avoid Yahim’s first attack. Stay on the platform and do your best to do your fighting from up here. The other two will stay away until the first is dead or if you drop down below.

Their attacks are crushing and far reaching so don’t try to absorb the attack, just dodge towards them and slightly to the side as it’s easier to do and allows you to retaliate much faster. When you’ve dodged, immediately get a few hits in on Yahim’s sides or rear then stop and wait for the next attack. Repeat this until it is dead which won’t take long as their health isn’t very high.

With Yahim dead the other two Sentinels will snap out of their voyeurism. Fighting two Sentinels on this platform is a bad idea as their attacks would be too much in such a small space. Drop down when the first has jumped up and be prepared to heal as the fall damage will hurt. Now, pick a Sentinel and keep focused on it no matter what as switching between the two will drag things out.

Their attack suite will broaden slightly now. Randomly one or both of the Sentinels will spin around in a path knocking you down if you are hit. This is a frustrating attack however it only seems to hit once despite the rapid spinning. Also, they may tire of their shields and decide to Frisbee them at you. Easily avoidable, just walk out of the way when they let fly. 

Your biggest threats are their combined attacks, hitting you constantly will drain stamina and health and with two alive your ability to heal will be limited. However their health pools aren't excessive so bringing one down won't take long as long as you don't dawdle.

Just outside the entrance in one of the cells is Pilgrim Bellclaire and just past the gate at the head of the corridor to the Arena is Felicia the Brave. Both are useful, but will likely die without help, so give the ladies a hand. They can't do everything for you.