<h3>Nashandra, Queen of Drangleic</h3> The Queen is fond of Curses, so bring Curse resistance. If you have the Hollow Skin hood (found in Brume Tower) already you can wear that to ignore the Curse effect completely.

From the start Nashandra will summon four ghostly orbs that float around her. These orbs produce Curse and standing near them will rapidly build Curse whilst also hurting you. They don’t move though and should you attack one it will disappear. If you can, try to knock out at least two of them to give you extra space to move around.

The Queen also possess a wonderfully large Scythe. She’s not too bad with it either so don’t get close unless the Curse Orbs are gone. You need the freedom to evade her attacks quickly without worrying about silly Curses. Her other attacks are a laser beam of Curses that will Curse you bit by bit with each impact, knock you down repeatedly if caught in it and do significant damage. So just don’t get hit by it. Finally, should you stay too close for too long, Nashandra may detonate with Dark energy and it hurts pretty bad so don't linger.

Knocking out some of those Curse orbs is critical, so do that as soon as you can. If she uses her laser just stay out of its way. If she fires it across the map horizontally, roll through it. When you have cleared some orbs and are able to approach her it’s time to attack. When you get close Nashandra will actually begin to follow you, as long as you don’t go too far away. Lure her out a bit and start circling her and dodging her attacks. When she finishes her flurry or expends her energy on one big attack, get in there and slice her up. Keep an eye out for her Dark explosion, she clearly  telegraphs this attack but, given her height it might be hard to notice sometimes, so keep an eye peeled.

The previous threesome of Vengarl, Bradley and Benhart are available for summoning if you need to reset back to the checkpoint or are killed. They will stay with you if you are coming straight from the Throne Watcher and Defender fight, however they will not be rejuvenated in any way so they may die before you can kill Nashandra, let alone Aldia.