<h3>Lothric Younger Prince, Lorian Elder Prince</h3>

This Boss is a bit different than normal. Lothric will crawl out from the shadows and fight you on his knees. His attacks are very simple sword attacks that are easily blocked or dodged. The ace up his sleeve though is he can teleport at the drop of a hat. It’s clear that it is happening as he will appear to be beamed up to the Enterprise, so when this happens, be prepared. He may spawn behind you, he may spawn across the room, it’s fairly random. If he spawns close by the lock on should hold, spinning you to face him. He tends to follow up a teleport with a swing of his sword so plan for that.

Once his health is drained he will collapse, only to be brought back to life by that other fellow that spoke to you upon entering, Lorian. Lothric will now be accompanied via piggyback by Lorian, Elder Prince. The only addition Lorian makes is a few magic attacks. The fight is mostly the same except that now Lothric is a tad more aggressive and will punish openings in you defence.

As for the fight, keep going as normal, just don’t get complacent. If Lothric is at a distance he will use a heavy sword attack that will light up a brilliant white, which he then smashes down and creates a wave of energy that deals heavy damage to you. Simply dodge to the side at the last possible second. Lorian will provide a form of Soul Spear that also hurts a lot and a form of Aldrich’s pink specks of light. These will be less aggressive than before however they have a similar effect and are golden.

Try to attack Lothric from behind as Lorian, holding on from the back, will be hurt as well. If you kill Lothric first, Lorian will still exist and will heal Lothric to about half health. Try to either kill them at the same time, or do as much damage each time to Lorian so that you only have to fight Lothric a minimal amount of times. Those with Rapiers, Spears, any weapon with a small hit radius will find that defeating both at the same time very difficult. Sirris of the Sunless Realms is again willing to assist as long as you're still friends.