<h3>Soul of Cinder</h3>

Soul of Cinder is an extremely aggressive foe that bears a resemblance combat-wise to… well… you. Making use of Pyromancy, Sorcery and a Coiled Sword that can be switched to meet a variety of situations, Soul of Cinder will really push your ability. And there’s two phases.

Firstly, the fight is against what would be described as “your” methods of combat. The move sets are more unique to the Boss with much faster swings and heavy combos, but the implements are that of a human player. Physical attacks come in sword swings, pokes of a lance/spear and rushing charges. They are all very deadly but are dodge able. He may choose to engage his "Sorceries" as well, though whether he does or not is random. There have been times he hasn’t resorted to them at all. Crystal Soul Masses, Soul Spears and an extended version of the spell Soul Stream that needs to be constantly dodged for its duration. He also can employ Pyromancy in the form of a damage buff for himself, Combustions and Fireballs.

All these abilities are mixed and matched so prepare for the worst. Dodge his biggest hits and block when you feel it is safe to do so. High Fire Resistant shields would be beneficial. If you are a sorcerer you will just need to roll roll roll. Get out of his way and cast when there is space between you. But don’t get greedy as his can close distance quickly. His health pool will need to be drained completely before round two can begin.

Part 2 of the fight is where things get interesting. Much like the music, you may notice something about Soul of Cinder’s fighting style from here. It matches that of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder from Dark Souls. Mixed with some new attacks, there are the kicks and grab attacks of the past as well as punishing sword attacks that will end you extremely quickly. He also has access now to lightning attacks and a fire effect that extends the range of some of his sword attacks. The lightning attacks are a singular strike that he smashes into the ground that summons a shower of Lightning Spears to rain down on you. He also simply hurls them at you as you would to him.

For those who fought Gwyn originally without a shield and without Parry Ripostes, you’ll have great success here. Simply evade until he makes a mistake and leaves himself open. Attack then retreat and survive the next wave. His health will drop faster than you’d think so be patient and keep close attention to what he is doing.

At times, after some damage is sustained, Soul of Cinder will kneel down to recover. Use times like these to get some hits in. Also, he can be parried, much like in Dark Souls. If you are confidant, or just amazing, feel free to give it a try. But beware there is no Riposte to follow thus the risk is not worth the reward. For those who have endured the Quest involving Anri of Astora, Yuria of Londor and Shade of Londor are available to help. 

And that is the end of Dark Souls. At least for now, as there is always potential for further journey’s in the land of the cursed. This however, until any number of DLC is released, is where we say goodbye. Enjoy your suffering at the hands of the Curse!