<h3>Aldrich the Devourer of Gods</h3>

Aldrich is one mean bastard. To defeat him you will need to be very aggressive.

Once inside the fight, sprint up to Aldrich and press the attack. He is a very slippery enemy and it can be hard to work out what he is doing given his potential height. Should Aldrich raise his weapon up, try to go behind him as the reach doesn’t go all the way around. Should he strike his weapon into the floor, he is attempting to teleport so back off as there is a release of Dark that hurts. He may use other awkward to predict physical attacks, try to learn his cues for each.

Should Aldrich raise a bow up and fire arrows into the sky there are two possible outcomes. One, be behind Aldrich when he fires, the arrows only go forwards from the direction he is facing, thus you won’t get hit, or at least barely. The other option is more deadly, he will cause a constant stream of arrows to chase you at a very rapid pace for a number of seconds. If he does this just keep rolling/running away. But don't just go in a straight line as when the arrows are finished, the can cut across your path as they finish, killing you. If the arrows are the tracking form, be very aware of Aldrich’s position and whether he is trying to attack you at the same time. 

But wait, there’s more! Aldrich can summon Soul Spears and pink specks of light that will slightly track you as you move. Aldrich will summon these as he teleports and they linger slightly before attacking. If he simply summons them from his weapon they are more aggressive, hunting you down immediately. At halfway his weapon becomes inflamed.

Forget the shield unless it is high magic resist or the Grass Crest Shield for the stamina regeneration. Attack his body, preferably his tail/rear. He can’t defend here very well so that’s your goal. Smack him until he teleports, dodging any attacks he might attempt. Once he teleports he will move around the room at random, usually a corner. Try to get to him as fast as possible to prevent the magic attacks. Be aware of which arrow attack he is using and watch out for his teleporting. Repeat this and you will win. The key is to be aggressive and anticipate both his movement and attacks.

A word of caution, whilst his weakness is definitely fire and to some extent lightning, he is quite resistant to magic. Any sorcerers out there should switch to a physical or fire damage weapon. If you have any Raw and Fire stones, take them to the blacksmith in Firelink Shrine and imbue your weapon. This should help you do at least some damage.