Cursed Rotted Greatwood

An optional Boss, but an important one if you wish to attain the Transposing Kiln, allowing you to use Boss Souls for weapons and gear.

For the boss itself, you’ll see it to the back left of the large open space, surrounded by undead kneeling at its base. Kill some undead or run up to the tree to activate the fight. Once the tree awakens, the undead will begin attacking you together and spawning constantly. Let the tree do the heavy lifting, its attacks will outright kill any undead. He will use his body, arms, legs to attack as well as shaking seeds off of his branches to drop down on you. He may also throw them at you if you’re a distance away.

Your goal here is to attack certain spots on the tree itself. The biggest target is its “groin” where a growth of white orbs have grown. Shoot/hit the white orbs and after a few ticks of damage, they will burst and lower the tree's health to about one sixth damage. But now what? Well there are more on the tree right hand, his back, his armpits, and a few other spots. Once you’ve taken down one of two sets of orbs, the tree will raise itself up and smash through the floor. All undead still alive, the tree and you will fall into a deep pit below. Don’t worry, you don’t take damage from the fall and the undead stop coming now.

Same plan as before, shoot the orbs till they burst. Once the middle groin orbs are destroyed, the trees centre will split open unveiling a large pale arm. The arm does big damage and hits quickly so stay away. You can attack it for some damage but don’t bother unless you have no ranged abilities. If you do have a ranged attack, keep popping the orbs on his body and eventually the tree will die. If you are melee only, there are orbs along his body that become available at different points. Should he lean back his rear ones will be lowered to your height, should he attempt to body slam you, his armpit ones and others are also brought closer for you to swing at. Your best bet however is to at least be able to equip a bow. That way you can manually shoot where you need to from relative safety.