<h3>Abyss Watchers</h3>

Your first Lords of Cinder. A tough fight, especially for newcomers and the poorly prepared. Enter the room and you’ll have your first Watcher move to engage you. His sword attacks are quick, swishy and can do big damage, so block and dodge till you find an opening. Backstabs and ripostes are possible but risky, so try to only perform them when you are confidant in your chances. He is also quite open to stun locking, but only briefly. Hit him with a faster weapon and you may get about three hits in before he dodges away.

After about 20 seconds the second Watcher will appear, however he isn’t as healthy as the main one. His attack power though is the same so now you have two foes to contend with. Same plan as before but start back peddling and attack less frequently. You need to buy time for the third Watcher to come help. That’s right with the third Watcher awakened the first two will begin fighting him. Don’t leave it to the third Watcher though, not only is he weak like the second Watcher, but he may not draw the attention of both Watchers. If he does, help him out and get some backstabs and hits in while you can. If a Watcher ignores him to attack you, just fight the same as if there was one, but keep an eye on how the fight is going between the two other Watchers. Their fight won’t last long.

Unless you’re well versed in the fight, just wait for Watcher number three to rise again from death. He will do this again and again, as will the second Watcher. Once the main Watcher is dead the fight is over, except not really.

The main Watcher now absorbs the power of the others and becomes imbued with a sword of fire. Trailing fire across the room to explode underneath you, smashing his sword in front of him with a lava-esque combustion are part of his new moveset and are even more deadly than before. However Watcher number two and three won’t return from here. Same plan as you had back when you first walked in, dodge his attacks, blocking what you need to and wait for openings. He is still open to backstabs and stun locking.

Outside the door are a few summons, but two have requirements. Sirris of the Sunless Realms needs to have given her permission at Firelink shrine to summon her. Londor Pale Shade won’t show unless you have 5 Dark Sigils obtained from Yoel of Londor. Black Hand Gotthard is free regardless, so kind.