<h3>Elana, Squalid Queen</h3> As far as bosses go Elana is a mean introduction to the DLC boss suite. This fight can be almost trivial one moment and then a complete nightmare the next.

Elana has a fondness for Dark Magic and Flame Swath. The Dark Magic is very deadly, specifically her three shot attack. Should all three orbs hit you, which is likely as they stun you on impact, they can do incredible damage, or simply kill you outright. Her other Dark attack is less dangerous because she fires about five dark orbs in an arc horizontally. Just evade them or step to the side. She may also summon an Affinity, three black orbs that float above her, then after a few moments are set free one after the other to chase you down. These follow really well so lure them then dodge at the last second. 

Her Flame Swath is similar to yours but it is simply a dual attack. She summons two at once to try to trap you. She may also decide to erupt in a Dark Blast of magic that will knock you down. She only does this if you stay too close to her for too long. Last, she can teleport around the map and is able to summon three different enemies to aid her. 

The summons are your problem. The first and best hope is that she summons three little piglets, like those in Majula. They can nip at your heels and try to poison you but if they are summoned let them live. She can’t summon anything else while the first are alive so, let the piggies roam free. Second are three skeletons. These guys are a bit of a pain, weak, but are very capable of ruining an attempt with more accurate attacks than their brethren. If you need to, just kill them and continue the fight, but leaving one alive may be helpful in preventing her summoning another enemy. The final summon is a slightly weaker, no less aggressive version of Velstadt The Royal Aegis. This is basically you fighting two bosses at this point but with her ranged magic and his heavy melee damage you need to bring down Velstadt as quick as possible.

Your attacks are going to need to come very early on. Elana may not summon right off the bat, though I have had one attempt where after 10 seconds she summoned Velstadt. So, sprint up to her and start hacking away. The further you are the more magic she uses. Try to do as much damage as possible then stop and wait for her response. If she starts swinging her Halberd then just defend or evade as you need and attack again in the breaks. This fight needs to be done quickly, drag it out and she’ll just summon summon summon. For magic users just stay away and cast. It’s a typical strategy for magic however you likely won’t survive too long against her Halberd if you get too close and staying away will give you time to damage the skeletons or Velstadt if they arrive.